there's a quarter of a million dollars
in gold bars sunk on the bottom of the
Platte River in the steamboat Bonnie
blue my husband stole it he took it from
the United States Mint in Denver
Colorado and I want you to put it back
in the mint Pinkerton said you could do
anything
hey now I'm sure in a badger in a boat
in a bank in a brawl don't mix with Sam
whiskey it's risky
Burt Reynolds is Sam whiskey no these
little surprises just how in the hell am
I supposed to get the real gold into the
mint and the phony gold out of the mint
in 48 hours
Angie Dickinson is Laura the kind of
girl makes whiskey and women a dangerous
combination Clint Walker is Oh Debbi a
billet all myself Sam parts 300 Ron's
money Aussie Davis is Jed he's a new man
never been to Denver before his name is
Thorton Bromley you don't wear a plane
oh yeah it's about your size maybe least
small he wears glasses
Burt Reynolds Clint Walker Ossie Davis
Angie Dickinson
don't mix with Sam whiskey it's risky